---
layout: post
title: "WANTED - Please help me identify these canteens!"
date: 2025-06-30 14:45:00 +0200
---

Now all feeds are (finally) registered on OpenMensa. - All? Not quite.

Some feeds are still unregistered because i could not identify to which school they belong and thus i can't specify a location or name for them.

Now it's your turn!
If someone can figure out to which school the following MensaMax institutions might belong, i would be very grateful for any hint.

## Some hints about where to look for the schools

I observed that most of the time, the MensaMax project code ("Projekt") consists of letters and numbers. The letter combinations correspond to those found on German license plates, a list of those codes with the corresponding town/district can be found on [Wikipedia](https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Liste_der_Kfz-Kennzeichen_in_Deutschland#Liste_der_Kfz-Kennzeichen_in_Deutschland). So at least you have a hint where (the caterer of) the school has to be searched for.

## MensaMax institutions that have to be identified

All are identified now.

## MensaMax institutions needing verification

The following institution is identified, but can not be checked if the information is really correct and up-to-date.
In April 2023, an employee of the company [opened an issue concerning this institution](https://github.com/philippdormann/mensamax-api/issues/22) for the project where i got the data from, so at least then it must have been relevant and up-to-date.
This is a company canteen using MensaMax, and companies usually do not publish such things on their website.
It is also questionable if a company canteen should be listed on OpenMensa.

Anyway, here it is:
- Project: `PB2499`, Institution: `maxcluster`, [maxcluster GmbH](https://maxcluster.de)